what up my name is Z but a lot of you
guys know me as 23 penny I run the
website 23 penny com that's one we can
that's my website and I saw shoes
my family moved to the United States
when I was 12 years old in 2004 and you
know when the first time I went into
mall went to Foot Locker I fell in love
what she was like oh there's on so many
different shoes and I remember my really
I really loved the the shocks I thought
they were just the coolest shoes ever
but I really didn't have the money back
then my family wasn't gonna my mom
wasn't gonna buy me these shoes for the
side I was doing a lot of eBay this was
back in maybe early 2011 late 2010 when
the crew gates came out I was really out
there you know just buying a couple
pairs here and there sell five keep one
so I get my pair for free and then eBay
change his policy and started charging a
little bit more so I thought hey maybe I
should just start my own website to
avoid the fees and I just started my
website in the summer 2011 right around
the time when the year the rabbets Evans
came out and I think that was the first
shoe I ever sold on my website and I
still still remember it till now so this
is my favorite shoe of all times I have
three pairs of these these are or the
hold on
oh ten quick strikes there max one quick
strike read to me this shoe is so
classic I love this shoe because it's a
comfortable shoe it's stylish you can
wear it with anything
this is probably the first shoe that I
bought with my own money I love their
Max one in general I think it's probably
the best model shoe there is out there
and also just the endless possibilities
that you can do with the shoe from you
know having clear bottoms to like the
Black History Month that came out last
year this shoe although it's a classic
from the 9th from 1987 and it's
continued to evolve till today
so that's what I think you know I think
it represents me from you know for my
born days till now I'm still evolved me
I'm still reinventing myself every day
as I go through
all right this is the Air Max 95 stash
collaboration I have two pairs of these
these are the pair that I recently
bought a little bit warm
but I have a nice lock here behind the
Air Max one this is my favorite my
second favorite Air Max model I think
these were probably the dopest
collaboration that Nike has ever done
with anyone there the quality is great I
really love you know that the material
used on it I like the speckle I love the
speckles on the midsole I mean just this
is a great shoe last but not least this
is my favorite penny this is actually
the house of hoop edition from a couple
years ago it has a blue
swoosh outlining and a if you can see it
on a camera book he has a actually a
copper print in his soul to me this year
was just so futuristic for you know so
ahead of his time when they first came
out and I mean I would say even till
this day it's still very futuristic for
people that really don't understand
sneakers there's only about 80 pairs of
these other in existence and I'm glad to
have a pair so shout out the DJ shabby
from the teen decade for getting me
these maybe a year ago this is probably
my favorite I won't say my favorite
penny but my favorite foam pop and and
you know if if I have to get rid of all
my other phone positive this would be
the one that I would
you